Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
♫ Oh, you have shoulders broad enough ♫
♫ To bear the weight of your words ♫
♫ Of never changing yourself, woo~ ♫
♫ When your strong faith ♫
♫ Silences fate ♫
♫ Romance will become your privilege ♫
♫ Dancing with ecstasy and grief will be like a grand banquet ♫
♫ And taking blazes as fireworks will be a classic never to regret ♫
♫ Oh, love without sadness is devoted love ♫
♫ Like an invisible existence ♫
♫ It's everywhere ♫
♫ Fending for your true love ♫
♫ I wish the one I love ♫
♫ Could safely sail through the sea of love ♫
♫ Once you let go, it will weigh on your mind for life ♫
♫ The most selfless love is love without sadness ♫
[All Out of Love]
[Episode 3]
First, everyone focus your attention.
Secondly, pay attention to your appearance and bearing.
Allow both of your hands to naturally hang.
Don't clench your fists.
Please look at what I am doing now.
Look to the right! Very good.
Two, three.
Okay, listen to my command now. Marching forward.
Very good.
Try to keep your balance, and don't laugh.
Wow, it's so hot.
I'm going to faint from the heat soon.
How are you feeling? Hot?
Weiyang! Weiyang!
Come help! Weiyang!
- Weiyang! Hurry!
- Is she okay?
Careful. Slowly.
She's alright. It's a heat stroke. She'll be fine after drinking more water and resting well.
I'm glad she's alright. Thank you.
- Take care of her, then.
- Okay.
Rest well. I'll go off now.
Thank you.
It's okay.
Brother. You two eat this. I won't eat it. I might gain weight.
Enough, enough, you eat.
Enough.
You go over there first. I'll join you in a while.
Okay.
Classmate.
How are you?
Thank you for your help that day.
I bought an extra bottle. This is for you.
My friends are waiting for me. I'll go off now.
Who is that girl?
She is quite pretty.
When you see them next time, buy two more bottles.
Then we'll all have one each!
Eat your food.
The grass fields in Weijiaping are better. Even the crickets there are louder than the ones here.
I really don't understand you.
When you were in Weijiajing, you wanted to leave.
Now that you are here  you keep lamenting that Weijiaping is better.
You don't know anything! This is being homesick!
What do you know! You are heartless!
My brother and I are full of emotions. Only we can understand what is like to be homesick.
Emotions are all you have left.
Besides emotions, you have nothing else.
What do you mean?
Look at you! What else do you have except physical strength?
Let's take a look at this.
Scholarship.
When my brother was in high school, he was awarded a national level scholarship.
The two of you are so good in school. You must have suffered a great deal of hardship.
I don't find it hard.
Rather, I find joy in it.
Look at this.
The criterion for this scholarship is good entrance exam results.
I think this one has the highest possibility. I will apply for this one.
Okay. You won't have any problem with it.
Look. Jiang Liangsheng.
He's so handsome.
Let me tell you. Those who habitually sit in the corner usually do not like to mix with others.
They feel very insecure in their hearts.
It's difficult to get along with people like them.
- Is that so?
- What a pity!
Today, we are going to discuss economics.
What is economics?
Its main purpose is the efficient distribution of resources
and optimized regeneration. Maximized production
is created from limited values.
What is hardest here is how to
reasonably distribute abundant resources
and scarce resources.
School has just started. I'm not sure how much you understand about economics.
Is there anyone who can tell me
what the Principle of Ockham's Razor refers to?
This teacher is expecting too much. The textbooks are still new. Who would know?
Can you answer my question?
I'm just testing the class.
The Principle of Ockham's Razor is also known as the Law of Ockham's Razor.
The main idea is to use the simplest solutions to solve problems.
Using the least resources to achieve the best outcome.
- If we apply this principle to love...
- He's so smart!
I think then, the purer the love, the more beautiful it will be.
This is what is generally known as pure love.
- Very good. Please sit down.
- He's so handsome and smart!
This student has given a very good answer. It looks like the class's foundation is strong.
Next, we will move on to
the survey report. You can choose your own topics.
I will group you according to your class registration number.
Two in each group. I hope that you will help each other in your work here.
The grades of your reports
will affect your end of term results directly.
You're in the same group as Jiang Liangsheng, right?
My partner is an idiot.
You two will have a great time. The campus belle and the handsomest boy in the university!
If the two of you do not get first, we would have given you this honour in vain!
Jiang Liangsheng!
What?
Hello, I'm Ning Weiyang.
Hello, I'm Liangsheng.
I'm very happy to be your partner.
Do you want to eat together later?
Liangsheng!
Wait a moment. No, it's okay, I have something else on. I'll leave now.
Brother, look at our shadows. Don't they look like fatties?
Are you hungry?
What are you eating?
I'm eating the plain noodles that you make for me, brother.
Are you missing home?
No, I think I just miss
our childhood times together.
Are you stupid? I'm right next to you. What's there to miss?
True!
You've already broke four times today.
Are you okay?
I'm fine. The screw is loose.
[Magic, Home of Motorcycles]
Let me do it.
Done.
[Magic, Home of Motorcycles]
Come and look at this. See if it's leaking air.
Don't make the bike worse.
Hey! Bring that toolbox over here.
Get the appropriate one. You've been here for so many years.
- I think this handle is a little low.
- Yes.
- That's enough.
- Who is that?
- Who?
- That guy.
He's been looking at you all afternoon.
Hey! I'm coming!
What are you drawing?
I'm coming!
Hello, Weiyang?
How has school been? Are you used to living in a dorm?
Don't even mention it. I fainted during the military training.
So many people were watching. So embarrassing!
How did that happen? How are you now?
I'm fine now. It was just too hot.
How did the school take care of it? Did you go see a doctor?
A male classmate sent me to the school infirmary.
Which male classmate is so lucky?
Also, school just started, but my teacher already separated us into groups. Guess who my partner is.
Who is it?
The male classmate who sent me to the infirmary!
Weiyang, you must be careful of your health. If it's hot, drink more water.
In the morning, it's best to drink a cup of warm water on an empty stomach.
Also, remember to eat your meals on time.
On the weekends, you have to come home, and I'll make some nourishing meals for you.
Enough, enough! I got it. I'm going to the library now.
Alright.
Come in.
Boss, here's the list of outstanding students that you wanted.
I can't understand. The company has just started.
Why are you doing these scholarships?
What is your opinion?
Could it be to promote the company?
Even a tree takes ten years to grow. If late by just one day, I might miss out on an exceptional worker.
I'm making preparations in advance.
If you're going to be like this, why don't you become a principal?
Are you going to let me read this or not?
Go ahead and read it. I'm going now.
Ning Xin. Sure, I also want to see you for something.
Okay. I'm going there now.
[Personal Data: Jiang Sheng]
If you had delayed your return for a few days, I would be able to invite you to visit my shop.
Your shop?
Recently, I've been renovating a bar.
I heard that you were in the business of making and selling art? How is it that...
Haven't you heard that all young women have a dream of having a coffee bar?
Sadly, I'm no longer a young woman,
so a coffee bar doesn't really suit me.
Last year, I went to Shimokitazawa and accidentally entered a small pub.
People in all walks of life were there, and I found it interesting, so it gave me the idea.
At the same time, the owner was rushing to sell it, so I bought it.
You are still so carefree.
How about congratulating me?
Congratulations.
What's the matter?
It feels like this isn't real somehow.
We haven't seen each other for 10 years, but I don't feel any strangeness or nervousness.
Indeed. If you didn't say it, I also wouldn't have noticed it.
Oh, right, I heard that you're back to your old company.
True.
Then, how long do you plan to stay around this time?
I don't plan on going back for the time being.
Have you forgotten? I want to change the world.
But the difference this time is that I want to take you with me to change the world.
What are you talking about?
Back then, you had no other option. But now, do you want to start over again for your own sake?
Don't stir up trouble. My life is already set.
If you're really resigned to that fate,
then why are you forcing yourself get an EMBA, even though you are not lacking the money?
And you have to enter the art industry, travel left and right,
seeing different sights, meeting different kinds of people.
Even to the point of find safe harbor in your own bar.
So, you know everything already?
How many years have I known you?
All the things you said today
don't sound like old friends reminiscing upon the past; more like talking with a headhunter.
Right. I'm definitely 'headhunting' you.
Thanks for accepting my offer.
Bottoms up.
You're sure it's this account?
Yes. I asked the financial director. He said it is this one.
Such a big company, but all it has is rotten accounts.
At first, I was really shocked too.
For the last five years, the sale of real estate and the profit from it don't match at all.
Also, the cultural company overspends for every production.
The paper media industry also keeps saying, "Our industry is in a slump."
Especially that mine.
The mine in Weijiaping is over budget every year.
- Weijiaping?
- Yes.
A mine?
The people responsible for this mine are called Bei Guoxiong and He Manhou.
For all these years, they have always worked under Wang Dehui.
I'm not talking about that.
Qian Zhi, let me ask you a question.
Did my aunt...
Oh, right. I'm not sure about that.
Back then, Grandfather had the idea of obtaining the rights to that mine.
But after his bid was successful, he didn't take any more interest in it.
- Investigate these two, Bei Guoxiong and He Manhou.
- Okay.
Why are you still standing?
There's something I would like you to look at, grandfather.
Keep it short.
Wang Dehui had a hand in causing the deficit in the company.
Do you really need to be so ruthless?
Will you really allow them to take everything from the company so wilfully?
Grandfather, do you know what Wang Dehui said during the press conference?
He said that it's time for Shifeng Group to have a new ruler, and he'll leave an empty shell behind.
Hui Zi won't do that.
They are the ones who followed me through thick and thin.
If the waters are too clear, no fish can survive. If something
really happens to the Cheng family, those people
will support me with their lives.
It was so in the past when they had no vested interest.
But this does not mean that it is the same now.
Grandfather, I know that
they and you established Shifeng through years of sheer hard work.
When I was little, I was overwhelmed by emotions when you told me these stories.
I wanted so much then to follow you and these brothers
to venture out.
But times are different now.
To guard our business enterprise without changes or forging ahead would lead to decline.
I do not mean to prove that you are wrong, Grandfather.
It's just that for the company to develop optimally,
a good system is more important than these feelings.
What the company needs most now is to hire a professional CEO.
Stop talking.
You think that after you have been gilded in gold these years while overseas,
you can forget about your past after you returned?
Tianyou!
Tianyou, why are you in this room?
I suddenly missed Aunt.
Nanny Liu, what does that box contain?
Actually, it contains your late aunt's belongings.
When this box was shipped here that year,
your grandfather fainted upon seeing it.
No one would mention what is in the box after that. We never touch it since.
I understand.
Xiao Jiu.
Why not you repair it after we have watched the movie?
I'm not going.
My classmates have all seen it.
It's really good! If you don't go, you'll surely regret it.
How about I go buy the tickets to whatever movie you want to see?
But... Tell me then.
Tell me how to get you to go watch a movie with me.
Have you ridden a motorbike before?
- No.
- You dare to ask me on a date when you haven't ridden a motorbike before?
Do you mean to tell me, if I can ride this bike, you will go to the movies with me?
Yes.
Based on our gait,
I might have injured my kidneys.
Alright, alright, alright.
Why did you force yourself to ride the bike when you don't know how to?
I just want to go to the movies with you.
Do you really need to sacrifice your life for a movie with me?
Who said we're just watching one movie?
Alright, just sit.
Let me tell you.
This was just an accident.
When I'm better,
we'll do this again.
I think I will pillion you next time.
Keep your promises.
Pillion me.
- Lie on your stomach.
- Do I have to?
No!
My waist was hurt. Why are you pulling my pants?
Why are you behaving like a girl, when you are a man? If I do not pull your pants down,
I will have to stick the plaster on your pants.
My skin is quite fair, right?
You are too dark.
- Do you want me to stick the plaster?
- Yes.
Here?
Yes, right here. Right here.
If it is not the kidneys, then it is the waist.
Us bikers often
get hurt.
This plaster is the best.
You will be well after a few days.
Do not move too much for the next couple of days and rest well
I am alone and injured at the waist.
Now, I can't walk around properly. Before I can recover from my injuries,
I might starve to death at home.
So you want me to bring food to you everyday?
- It hurts.
- It still hurts?
It hurts!
This research is broken into multiple steps.
Determine the objective. Design the questionnaire.
Distribute the questionnaire and data analysis.
In designing an analytic questionnaire, logically, you can put
the closed questions in front and then the open questions at the end.
Only after perfecting the design of your questionnaire can you get data that is valuable for research.
Okay. Then this time, let's start with the research objective of our questionnaire then.
Okay.
I'll go help you find a few more books.
Why is that girl always clinging on you?
Research work. We got paired as a team.
The way I see it, the research isn't her main goal.
Her main goal is to flirt with you.
Did you think everyone's like you, thinking about playing all day?
I don't mean anything by this.
I'm just afraid these female classmates will disturb your studies.
If there are female classmates like her in the future, send them to me.
I'll accompany them in touring the sea of knowledge.
Do you even have any knowledge? Read a book first.
- This class is so difficult.
- I agree.
Jiang Sheng, hi.
Hello.
- You're Liangsheng's younger sister, right?
- Yes.
I'm Weiyang, his classmate.
Oh, hello.
He and I were just in the library, but he rushed off right after we came out of there.
I think he went to his tutoring session.
He isn't your biological brother, right?
He is.
Why are you two in the same grade, then?
Our family is poor, so my brother attended university late by two years.
So that's how it is.
I'm so envious of you. You have such a good brother.
My brother is indeed very good.
Okay, class is over.
Jiang Sheng.
Can I trouble you to pass this letter to Liangsheng?
- Can you help?
- Yes, okay.
Thank you, thank you so much!
Hi, can I trouble you to pass this to your brother?
Open it and let me have a look.
I want to learn from it.
Are you feeling envious?
Who is envious?
I want to take a critical look at them.
I want to see why they do not put their efforts into studying when they are in school.
While they are in their youth,
why do they think about dating instead of immersing themselves in the ocean of knowledge?
The more I think about it, the angrier I feel.
I heard that you know a girl called Xiao Jiu. Which class is she from?
Which class? Use your toes to think of an answer!
Would I, Brother Wu, be interested in little girls from your school?
I know your taste.
Your brother's taste is even more unique.
What's wrong with him?
You really don't know?
Your brother and Weiyang.
Why didn't he tell me about this?
Why does your brother need to report to you about his relationships?
It's like me and Xiao Jiu. This is adult business.
What's wrong?
The color of your face is like my test papers: pale and white.
Stop it.
I'm so happy that my brother as a girlfriend. I'll go back to Weijiaping and set off firecrackers for him.
Hey, Jiang Sheng!
Liangsheng.
What are you doing here?
Shall we go eat together?
No, I am waiting for Jiang Sheng and the others.
Oh, really? Maybe another day.
Okay. Their classes should be over by now. I am going to look for them.
Liangsheng, wait a moment.
Am I someone who would spout nonsense?
Thank you.
Then, I'll be off now.
Don't mention this later.
Don't worry. I am a man of few words and a well-guarded mouth.
Why were you dismissed from class so late today? You two must be very hungry.
What is this?
You don't like the food today?
It's okay.
Brother, did you read those letters which you received today?
I can't even finish reading my books. How would I have the time to read those letters?
Let me read them for you. I can learn from them too.
Those letters belong to my brother. Why would you want to read them?
Look! Listen to how you talk. Do you know why your brother is so popular but you are not?
Why do all the girls like my brother?
This is because your brother has such a handsome friend like me beside him!
Do you believe it? Of course it's because your brother is smart and handsome.
Am I pretty?
Yes.
Are my grades good?
Yes! Let's eat, let's eat.
After our meal, I will bring you to meet someone important.
Let's eat.
Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki
Xiaowu!
That's her.
What's going on here?
What's up with all the motorcycles?
I brought these so that you can show off to your friends. It'll make an unforgettable impression on you.
Yes, quite unforgettable.
Xiaowu, is this your girlfriend?
It's more like I'm a friend to everybody.
Look how she says it, better than how our professor would say it. A friend to everyone.
Here are my friends Liangsheng, Jiang Sheng.
Xiao Jiu.
You have such a pretty girl by your side.
How am I supposed to feel at ease?
Rabbits even eat the grass from their own nest, right?
Grass?
She is a bundle of firewood!
She's my little sister.
Little sister. If you say she's your little sister,
am I supposed to believe it?
Don't worry.  She's Xiaowu's and my little sister.
Plus, didn't you say you're a friend to everyone?
When the day comes that you succeed in becoming Xiaowu's girlfriend,
then you can worry about this problem.
Interesting. I like that.
Let's go. I'll show my motorcycles.
On this day,
the free and easy Xiao Jiu bursted into the lives of the three of us.
We'd never seen Bei Xiaowu care for a girl
like he cares for Xiao Jiu.
The crazier Xiao Jiu was,
the more Xiaowu was captivated by her.
Because of Xiao Jiu's appearance, our group of three,
changed into a group of four.
Liangsheng, what you usually like to eat?
I realized I don't really understand what you like.
Liangsheng?
Oh.
What do you usually like to eat?
I eat anything.
How can that be?
Eating is something to be enjoyed.
Look, Jiangzhe cuisine, Sichuan cuisine, Shanghai food...
The flavors are all different.
- I like to eat countryside cuisine.
- Countryside cuisine?
Then, is there something you especially like?
Plain boiled noodles.
Plain boiled noodles?
Is it that kind of noodles boiled in plain water?
Yes.
What's special about that?
The noodles boiled at home
aren't the most special,
but I miss them the most.
Homemade.
Enough of that. We need to hurry.
The library will close soon.
Oh.
Homemade.
Where are you going?
The Warm Winters Society is holding an event.
You don't give yourself time for any rest. Besides working parttime, you also do volunteer work.
Enough. I'm going. Bye bye.
Bye bye.
So busy!
For you.
Hey, wait a second.
You have to tell me first, is your blood sugar high?
Not high.
Cholesterol?
Everything's normal.
Normal?
The doctor said that I can eat whatever I'd like.
Okay. Eat to your heart's content, then.
You're not lying to me, right?
You doubt me?
Then take it back. I don't want any.
- No, no.
- Don't give it to me. I'm not eating.
No, no, no.
I don't doubt you.
I was just asking.
Hurry, here's the flavor you like.
Strawberry flavored.
You don't like strawberry?
I've changed.
Vanilla flavor?
Is it good?
The only ones who like sweets
in the Cheng family is me
and your aunt, Xiao Qing.
True.
Aunt also really liked to eat these.
Aiya! As soon as I mention your aunt...look at you.
Such a long face looks like a rotten cucumber.
If your aunt's spirit in heaven finds out,
she'll scold you again.
All right. You wait.
I'll go brew some Chinese hawthorn tea for you.
No, don't. I have to go in a minute.
This tea has hawthorn, malt, and dried tangerine peel in it.
This tea becomes sweet and sour, delicious.
Excellent for your digestion; especially suited for you.
Looks like you've learned some new skills.
In order to be a good influence on you guys,
I formed the habit of constantly learning new skills.
There's that young girl who always comes to visit me.
And she even makes me...
Hey, Tianyou,
this year,
you're thirty something years old.
Wait, wait.
I'll be back in a minute. I need to tell you something.
I don't have time. I really have to go.
You can't. Listen to me. Just wait. I'll be back in a minute.
I really have to go.
Right away.
Okay, I got it.
Didn't I tell you to sit outside and wait for me? Huh? You...
Aiyo! Jiang Sheng's here.
Do you have guests, Grandmother Liu?
No. That...
You came just in time.
Let's go, come with me.
Hurry.
This... I told him to wait right here.
That kid.
He thinks he's grown up now.
Who are you talking about, grandmother?
- Who?
- You'll find out later.
Here, I brought you some flowers.
Didn't you say you weren't sleeping well lately? This can calm your nerves.
These...
I've haven't seen these flowers before.
How about we go arrange these flowers? Then I'll play chess with you.
I'm not playing. You're a lousy chess player.
Then, don't I need to practice more? That way, I can catch up with your eldest grandson.
Aiyo!
You want to beat my eldest grandson
in chess? Impossible.
It's impossible.
Sir, you're looking for me?
Tianyou...
I want to ask him about returning to the company.
He went to see Liu Xing.
Liu Xing has run the Cheng family for so many years
She helped me raise Tianyou's father and Tianyou.
Now that she's old, she lives alone. We cannot forget
her kindness.
Don't worry. According to your instructions, she's being taken care over these years.
Since Tianyou was young, he's been close to Liu Xing.
The first thing he did when he came back was to go see her.
There's no way she would be treated unkindly.
You, as Tianyou's Uncle Qian,
have protected Tianyou since he was young.
Every time I'm about to scold him,
you think up some method to reassure me.
I just don't want him dawdling around outside anymore.
He should come back and take over Shifeng.
Tianyou was taught by you
to handle matters with careful consideration.
He knows who deserves his gratitude and who deserves resent.
These years when he's been out of the country, he's established his career.
If he comes back to Shifeng,
he'd definitely drastically renovate the company,
make the company entirely new.
♫ The season of my heart ♫
♫ depends on your sad or joyful look ♫
♫ How beautiful the poetry is ♫
♫ in the chaos and bitterness I feel for you ♫
♫ With the happiest-looking smile, ♫
♫ the loneliest boy ♫
♫ Insists on caring for her for life ♫
♫ to thank her ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness ♫
♫ I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ I hear your wishes and help you fulfill them ♫
♫ In the circle of life, my true love never dies ♫
♫ I'm the blue sky that drives away cloud and mist ♫
♫ To leave you a clear sky, and that devours blizzards ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ The circle of life is longer than eternity ♫
♫ Love is not accompanying you to the end, holding your hand in mine ♫
♫ It is letting you go ♫
♫ so that you can reach the turning point ♫
♫ I'm the fire that burns away coldness ♫
♫ I burn myself to create a warm world ♫
♫ I hear your wishes and help you fulfill them ♫
♫ In the circle of life, my true love never dies ♫
♫ I'm the blue sky that drives away cloud and mist ♫
♫ To leave you a clear sky, and that devours blizzards ♫
♫ And sweeps up leaves so that you can smell the flowers ♫
♫ The circle of life is longer ♫
♫ is longer than eternity ♫
Subtitles brought to you by the Never Sad Team @ Viki